Now what we wanna do,
is we want to move on and
we want to create some handlers for
our users.
So the first thing we need
to do is create a folder for
handlers inside of the source.
And then we'll make one for user Ts and
that's where we're gonna put our
handlers for our user, so let's do that.
Source, new folder, handlers and
inside of their user.ts.
Now we're actually gonna
start using the Prisma SDK or
M thing that we installed a while ago,
we're gonna use it.
But before that I wanna make
another helper file, so
we don't have to keep creating a new
Prisma client every time we wanna use.
I'm just gonna make it once in one file
and import that file wherever we want.
So I'm just gonna make a new file on
source I'm going to call it db.ts.
And it's going to import.
So import from
@prisma/client like that and
I think we wanna import,
what is it Prisma?
Maybe it's just client.
Why am I why do I have a stringer?
Maybe it's just clients.
Actually, what is it?
Let's see, it's like that I knew something
weird, okay all caps stuff always gets me.
So we're gonna import it like this,
we're just gonna D structure
PrismaClient capital P capital C,
D structure or named import,
that's technically what that's called.
And then I'm just gonna make
a new client const I'll just
call it prisma = new PrismaClient
like that, no options.
And I'll just say exports default prisma.
I'm doing this in this file, so
I had to do this everywhere I need it,
I had it at once.
And you could put that db file wherever
you want I'm just putting on a source.
I guess more appropriately,
it would make sense to put it in
a modules folder of like DVS is so
important that it should just be on
the root with the rest of the root stuff.
Cuz it's just that important but you don't
have to you can put it wherever you want.
Okay, now going back into users,
I can import prisma from db like that.
Okay, everybody follow me so far?
And then now what I wanna do
is I wanna create a function
that allows me to create a user,
and we'll also make
a function that allows me to like sign in,
so let's do that.
So to create a user,
this is going to be a handler for a route,
handlers have a request.
They have a response, so
I'm gonna say exports, oops.
Const createNew User = a function that has
a request and a response as an object.
Because all handlers do,
this is gonna be async cuz we
have to do some database stuff.
All database queries are always async
because talking to a disc is asynchronous,
just like talking to
a network is asynchronous.
The protocol in which a disc
operates on is asynchronous and
most databases are server too.
Which means not only
are you talking to a disk,
you're talking to a network
that's talking to the disk.
So you have service database, you're
talking to the network that's talking to
the network that's talking to the disk.
So all that's asynchronous, so
it's not like querying an array in memory.
All right so let us create a new user,
so what does a user need to be created?
Well we can do this so you can say const
user equals a weight, prisma dot and
when you hit dot you can see that
it already knows about a user.
Because this Prisma SDK is aware of all
the models that we already created, and
we created one called user,
so it's aware of it.
So, I can say user.create,
I can call that, I can get an object and
I can give it a data
property which is an object.
So, like that and then, you can see
this data properties lighting up.
This is like a you need to pass
some stuff to create a user that
you're not passing so
yeah this isn't right.
So I know that a user has a username and
you can see I start typing
it fills it out for me.
It's like yeah,
you just have a username, cool.
But where do I get this username from?
Where
>> Whatever we have received the token DWT
token claims
>> So for create new user,
there is no token necessary cuz
this is gonna issue with the token.
Yeah, but
where do I get the username from?
>> Chats suggesting the request.object,
request.body, request.user.
>> Yes, request.body, so create new
user is going to be a post request and
because we're creating something,
so it's a post.
Most POST requests send
something to the server,
typically that's attached to
something called the body.
So as the author of the server,
we're saying you
client must send us something called
username attached to the body.
Otherwise this isn't gonna work and we're
saying that by writing the code for it
we're assuming that so it's like username
is gonna be req dot body dot username
Okay, what about the password,
where does that come from?
It's not a trick question.
>> Same place request
dot body dot password.
>> Exactly,
request dot body dot password, yeah but
wait we don't wanna store a plain text,
password, right?
We almost fell into that trap
that's not what we wanna do.
So what we wanna do instead is we wanna
use our hash password function that
we had, so hash password takes in that but
it's asynchronous so I'm gonna await it.
But you didn't know you can
await like that on the property?
Yeah, you can that's pretty cool,
and you probably shouldn't,
but we're gonna handle errors later,
so it doesn't matter.
Okay, so now we have username,
we have our hashPassword.
This satisfies all the requests
of creating a user,
I know that because it's not complaining
at me, and I can just check myself.
I know look at the schema and
what are the required fields
here that don't have defaults?
ID has a default is required,
created at has a default is required,
username is required but doesn't have
a default, so I gotta pass that.
Password is also required,
there's no question mark here, and
it doesn't have a default,
so I have to pass that.
Products, there's no question mark on it,
but it's an array type,
so that means it's an empty array,
which is fine, it can be an empty array.
So that means I have to pass in these
two so that's how I know I'm good.
These get defaulted and this one is just
an empty array with nothing in it so
that's how you know, so
cool we got that we got our user.
Now we can create a token so
I can say token equals create,
JWT and I could pass on our user and now
I could to say res.json, I'll say token,
I'll just say token, there you go
you're gonna get back a token.
And me doing this shortcut like this,
if you haven't seen this before,
this is the equivalent
of the same token token.
But that's so redundant,
I'm just gonna write it once.